Lin Xi, this is the antidote
You have to do a check-up when you finish eating.
To proceed to the next step of treatment
This is the evidence that Chu Minghua cheated
I took the test from Wei Xiaonian
It's full of photos of him with all kinds of women
You know it all
You checked him out?
Chu Minghua has complex social relationships
Maintaining inappropriate relationships with many women
The background is also deep
Including your nanny
Just one of his bed mates
Chu Minghua uses these photos
Threatened many women to serve him
Of course, this service is not just about sex.
But to become his puppet
It can also be said to be brainwashing
When did you find out?
After we found the black market
I also found some bottom lines of Chu Minghua
I was so stupid to be deceived by him for five years.
I want to drink this too.
Yuhao, I am